Docs: adjusts heading and rewords the intro to active voice (#52545)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/service-accounts/_index.md

# Service accounts

> You can use a service account to run automated workloads in Grafana, like dashboard provisioning, configuration, or report generation. Create service accounts and tokens to authenticate applications like Terraform with the Grafana API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a service account to run automated workloads in Grafana, such as dashboard provisioning, configuration, or report generation. Create service accounts and tokens to authenticate applications such as Terraform with the Grafana API.
```

Reviewer: Such as == examples; like == similar to
